Mrs. Sun, do you have anything else to say?
I didn't steal this.
The three of us joined hands to search it out from you.
Do you still want to quibble?
Sister, you want to slander someone,
Can you use some more advanced tricks?
The methods used by people like you in the Qing Dynasty,
Who can I see?
We just want to slander.
What else can you do?
You want to slander me,
Are you stealing something else?
It's just a soup tongue, and everyone will laugh at it if it spreads.
Come, let me show you.
What's on my body
Not worth more than your spoon
Mrs. Sun
You really stole it
How can that be called stealing?
You already call me Mrs. Sun
Then this is my home
I'm getting something from my house
How can it be called stealing?
You're really rude
No wonder the Shen Group became like this
not a family
Don't enter a house
It’s because Feng’s mother is a thief
to cultivate
Such an excellent daughter of a thief comes here
let me bring you
What is a real frame-up?
Mrs. Sun
Don't talk nonsense about Yuan Jie
Coming to you soon